Daily Discussion, January 14, 2018
Hodling now feels like...
⚡ Bitrefill used mainnet Lightning to pay Torguard without paying any mining fees by using a channel someone else opened with them
Why we HODL
It took me one day to implement segwit
⚡ Lightning just got used to pay for a Steam game. Instant confirmation. Zero fees. Real bitcoins.
Coinbase and the Mempool
Japanese bitFlyer makes its move on Europe soon!
Kenyans Are Among Highest Bitcoin Holders Per Capita According to Citi Report
Billionaire Bitcoin Bull Novogratz to Launch Cryptocurrency Merchant Bank
The most common guess has been Elon Musk
We now have 675 nodes running lightning with 2200 open channels. 👍
When Bitcoin decides to pump to the moon and your altcoin bags are like..
Video: Interview: Christian Decker of Blockstream Explains Bitcoin's Lightning Network
We should start a Bitcoin religion to not pay Taxes...
A man pretending to be a woman crypto trader... 12,000+ Followers in 2 Weeks!
We need a Bitcoin Lightning Logo!
Bitcoin Bubble Debunked
Capital One Refuses to Let Customers Buy Cryptocurrency From Any Exchange
Canada could become the world's bitcoin mining capital as China cracks down
KFC Sells Out of Their Bitcoin Bucket
did I oversleep? is the LightningNetwork activated?
From Winterfell (Northern British Columbia) to the world!
Hey guys! I made an anonymous chatbox app for every crypto (including bitcoin) and every crypto exchange.
I have written some shellscripts to facilitate offline signing using only Bitcoin Core
4 years ago, being called bubble and crackdowns
When Bitcoin Moons.. 😂
If you haven't noticed the writing on the wall yet..
Ask Coinmarketcap to remove https://forum.bitcoin.com/ from the list of message board for bitcoin.
A petition against the Korean Ministry of Justice and their statement about trying to ban crypto in Korea
Its getting really hard not to try swing trading on these seemingly predictable 1k swings.
Listen to this new BITCOIN Anthem
Is there a main net .exe for non programmers yet that want to run a LN node in tandem with core?
Announcing Collaborative Partnership with Halong Mining
Where to send people new to Bitcoin for segwit exchange, &amp; wallets?
Newcomer here. I have a question that I can’t seem to find any answers for.
Hodl Feed - Bitcoin news with sentiment analysis
Bitcoin mempool an hour ago, what happened???
I did 448 financial transactions in December: let's be real about scalability requirements
Warren Buffett Doesn't Understand Cryptocurrencies 'At All':
Mnuchin: under US law wallet companies have same KYC obligations as banks
Bitcoin quotes from 101 famous people
"Bitcoin companies should also begin integrating payment channels while they're upgrading for segwit and batching, instead of rushing to catch up."
Kraken is not letting withdrawals
LIGHTNING NETWORK: THE MOVIE TRAILER
Direct rule from Bitcoin
