Don't invest recklessly
Daily Discussion, December 24, 2017
Don't be this guy
I know who Satoshi is
As someone who invested in Bitcoin in December
Bought at 18k. Was asked today about my btc investments.
I painted this for my brother in law for xmas, it's a Calvin and Hobbs knock off featuring his son and dog. Hidden in the frame is a Bitcoin seed with .007 btc. I'm not saying anything until the kid goes to college.
Winklevoss twins cut up Bitcoin key and keep pieces in different bank vaults to protect $1.3 billion digital fortune
If whining bitcoin companies really want to solve the high transaction fee “problem”, they could implement #SegWit and @Lighting within a couple months. But we all know it’s not about the fees, it’s about control.
Bitcoin fees going down, 200-210 satoshi/byte transactions are going through now
This sign on my way to work - Nationwide knows whats up 😂
At my local mall
12 people trolled Andreas for making a donation to Lambda Legal. So he donated $100 on behalf of each of them.
Steam Crypto Winter Sale (link in comments)
Meet Picasso, the bot responsible for price manipulation and an explanation for the BCH premium Coinbase saw on launch.
My grandmother just "stole" bitcoin from me...
It's my birthday today. This is what my family gave to me...
Crypto income is not taxable in Portugal!
For anyone who missed it - Elizabeth Stark of Lightning Labs: "The Importance of Layer Two" | Blockstack Summit 2017
An extensive guide for cashing out bitcoin and cryptocurrencies into private banks
Saw this lambo in Vegas. Check out that plate.
~Season's greetings~
Comic on front page of The Telegraph in UK
Funny how much the media hates Bitcoin
7 steps forward, 2 steps back... rinse and repeat
When your Boss finally Buys Bitcoin From your Coinbase invite..But it's December 2017
My grandma added some bitcoin news to my Christmas Present
10 years before Bitcoin, a banker(!) calls it
How newcomers feel these last few days
Romanian IRS not interested in taxing bitcoin/crypto currencies or any gains from them(picture proof)
A Game of Coins
MMA Gym... Exapnding the demographic...
With regards to $BTC scalability, we don’t need bigger roads. We need hyperloops, airplanes &amp; speed trains.
Im in.
My step-dad gave me this for christmas...
Intro to Bitcoin in 2 minutes. Learn the fundamental concepts around cryptocurrencies at a basic level
Courtesy of Scientific America. Eerily close to the inevitability Andreas has been warning us about. This isn't hypothetical, but in development at MIT.
Poll: Have you read the Bitcoin Whitepaper?
Just trying to pick up some beer when suddenly...
Why Korean Markets Don't Reflect Japan/China/US Price
If Microsoft opened an exchange would you use it?
Daniel B (Head of Decentralized Identity) from Microsoft on scaling
[Discussion] Spend time with family this Christmas
Spread, hodl, and never pull out. The ups and downs may be painful, but in the end it will be worth it.
Goldman Sachs setting up a cryptocurrency trading desk
Kathleen Brooks, a research director at FOREX.com, told CNBC that classification by the German government gave bitcoin legitimacy to be used as a settlement currency in one of the world’s largest economies. She said this was a big step forward for the bitcoin movement.
a trude HODLer
Anyone else seen the pattern?
Santa put a bit coin in my stocking
First UK House To Sell For Bitcoin
2018: lets run for office
Twas the Night Before [BTC] Christmas
Another crypto millionaire?!
