All in so im like
⚡️ needs you. Yes, you.
Here's Why You Should Invest In Bitcoins This Holiday Season
Clearly a bubble. This chart proves it.
Miners are doing a great job on the memory pool! Another level just reached! Keep diggin boys
I just sold - to give some joy
The Internet Archive: "Wow! Gift of a lifetime to the open world! Pineapple Fund just gifted $1M in bitcoin to @internetarchive. We are blown away -- we’ll strive to preserve our digital world. THANK YOU #pineapplefund 2018 looking up!"
Sold some bitcoin Monday and got this little pup for my mom as her present. Happy Holidays fellow Redditors!
Talking Bitcoin on Christmas Eve like
So i was adding SegWit support to my wallet... I think now i get why it's so rarely used yet
Merry Cryptmas!!
My girlfriend got me 1 Bitcoin! I can’t stop laughing!! Merry Cryptmas you guys!
Ho Ho Hodl... Merry Christmas. Hope I'm on the nice list.
Meanwhile in Czech Republic 🇨🇿 first time ive seen one of these popular bois in the flesh. Merry Christmas 🎄 y’all
Debt Free! I paid off my Medical school loans! Bitcoin changed my life!
Bitcoin for Xmas ;)
Merry Christmas everyone! Forget about the Dips and lets celebrate where we are today. Enjoy the time with your loved ones!
Hold up.. Segwit and LN cut right into the profits of miners and exchanges. Is that why they're pushing Bcash as the real Bitcoin, just because it maintains their power and profits?
I’ve got a great Nana
Happy Hodldays!
Safest bet with BTC bought 3 years ago?
What makes bitcoins meteoric rise (maybe even bubble - don't shoot me) different from this? Genuinely curious and /Srs
The future Bitcoin car of the 2018 Cannonball Run! Miami blue now, but soon will we fully wrapped in shiny Bitcoin! Enthusiasts share ideas to make this bitcoin wrap look epic! ( needs to include small areas for sponsors various places) Ideas welcome! Let's promote bitcoin to the world! HODL!!
An average of $36.1 billion per day is now being sent using bitcoin... Merry Christmas Y'all!
[Beginner]Buy your first amount of Bitcoin and store it in a hardware wallet securely
Some say diamonds have no value because they are common and manipulated yet the Hope diamond sells for millions. Some say pop art is worthless but it sells for hundreds of millions. Some say bitcoin is worthless yet it could buy the Hope Diamond and all the pop art.
If you want see some stats about new wallets and future predictions based new wallets growth follow this guy.
What can we do to help Bitcoin and the Bitcoin community
Merry Christmas - Bitcoin Present came early this year!
Merry Christmas to Me... Love ANZ
Want to buy discounted Bitcoins? Check out the Crypto Steam Winter Sale! Inspired by /u/OrangeCognac
While weak hands sale, Japan going strong!!!
Bitcoin fees too high? You have invested in early tech! Have faith. Give us time.
Merry Christmas to all holders!
Calm before the storm.
Fees are coming down, use this as an opportunity to consolidate funds.
